Othello Notes
Gabriel Kutuzov

Act 1

The act starts, and Iago is immediately jealous of Cassio for being promoted to Lieutenant instead of him. Othello and Desdemona become married, opposing Desdemona's father's (Brabanito) opinion.
Roderigo pays Iago to help him get Desdemona.
Two people yell that Roderigo was robbed. Iago also tells the senator that his daughter and Othello are having sex.
Othello gets a message that he is wanted by duke of Venice, something concerning the likes of Cyprus. Desdemona asks to come with.
Brabanito tells men to attack Othello.
Othello denies having used magic to get Desdemona (Brabanito claims he used magical charms to attract her).
Roderigo feels that any hope for a relationship with Desdemona is over. He speaks with Iago, he tells him that everything will be alright.

Act 2

Taking place in Cyprus.
Cassio saw that the Turks that he came to defend against have lost most of their ships and men due to the storm.
Iago marries to Emelia. Iago also finally convinces Roderigo to fight Cassio, convincing him to get some revenge.
Iago successfully gets everyone drunk later, hoping that this will make Cassio do something stupid. His plan works, Cassio did something stupid and loses his job.
Constant themes of revenge and deception throughout.

Act 3

Desdemona pleads for Cassio's case to Othello. She hopes that Cassio can gain his reputation and job back  back.
Othello gives Iago letters to deliver.
Emilia has a speech aout Desdemona's handkerchief, which in it of itself describes the love that Othello and Desdemona have for one another.
Iago is convincing Othello that Desdemona is cheating on him by having Cassio describe a prostitute, making Othello think he was talking of Desdemona. Othello is doubtful of Iago.
Cassio finds the handerchief in his room and asks his wife, Bianca to go copy it for him because he likes the hankie.

Act 4

Othello has a seizure. This shows how much he has broken since the beginning of the play, being so calm and collected prior to the incident.
Othello and Desdemona are locked in a room, and Othello talks about how their marriage is falling apart.
Roderigo is beginning to doubt the plan, but Iago convinces him everythign will work out if they successfully kill Cassio.
Desdemona sings the song "Willow", which symbolized the fate of Desdemona. The song is about a lover killing their lover.

Act 5

Iago sends Roderigo to kill Cassio.
Roderigo fails, only slightly injuring Cassio. Iago comes in and stabs Roderigo, killing him. Cassio gets stabbed in the leg by Iago, then Iago runs away.
Othello sees the scene, and he believes that Cassio kills Roderigo. Iago blames Roderigo for the leg stabbing.
After finding out Cassio was dead, Othello goes to kill Desdemona. Othello admitted to murdering her.
Iago's lies somehow caught up to him.
Othello kills himself.
