Proposed task agenda for Gabriel, current version, 09/12/18

Let us agree to use the word "frame" to mean one full plot, as it
is in the present code, and use a new word, "viewport" for the
new material that would allow parts of a plot to be manipulated
by the online user.  I am suggesting that for now the calls and
metafile data for viewport should be coded, but this should be
ignored by mfdraw (see "Later" section of this document).

Goal 1:  Complete updated plots library according to specification
   in plotting.pdf.
   -- Read headers and files already worked on by GNR, particularly
      newpltw (with old newplt() function), newwin, be sure to under-
      stand existing protocols for data exchange between running
      application and mfdraw.
   -- Also look at oldstuff/endplt.c to understand how plotting is
      shut down when an application terminates.
   -- Note that routines are already written to accomplish packing
      of numerical data into the new binary metafile format.
   -- Read the file Notes.txt and discuss w/GNR how the questions
      contained therein should be dealt with.
   -- Be sure to understand the protocol for plot calls that generate
      data longer than one message buffer and consider whether it
      needs to be changed.
   -- Actually write the code.  Presumably all the differences that
      depend on whether you are in a serial or a parallel application
      have already been dealt with.  Once the startup/communication/
      end code is in place, replacing the numerical conversions in
      the individual plotting calls should be pretty trivial.
Goal 2:  Testing the new plot library.
   -- Add calls to the test program rkgtest.c to exercise as many as
      practical of the new options.
   -- Inasmuch as we have no version of mfdraw that can read the new
      metafiles, I suggest writing a simple dump program ("dumpmf")
      to read such a file and print the plot commands in a human-
      readable format.
   -- Use dumpmf to check that correct plot command data are written
      to a metafile by serial and parallel versions of rkgtest.
Goal 3:  Making new mfdraw.
   -- Read enough of existing program to understand basically how
      it works.
   -- Read GNRnotes file and discuss any questions.
   -- Work out with GNR method mfdraw should use for reporting errors
      other than just calling 'exit'.  This will be different in 
      metafile vs socket mode.  Agree on assignment of new abend
      error codes if needed.  (Currently 210-239 and 260-269 are
      already in use or available.  We can add new ones if needed.)
   -- Decide whether to work with existing source files or start fresh.
      If doing it myself, I would start fresh, except the startup code
      that I rewrote in the existing version and the fltk UI definition
      should mostly be usable.  Plan on multithreading to separate
      communications with socket application from plot navigation.
   -- I strongly urge use of the mffm package that I wrote to handle
      input and storage of plot frames, unless you have a really good
      alternative idea.
   -- My advice would be to get the communications working with some
      minimum subset of the actual plotting calls (line, circle, text),
      get it all working (using a rump version of rkgtest to make the
      test data), then add the rest of the plotting commands.
Later, if time permits:
   -- Add ability of mfdraw to produce some sort of standard graphics
      output file for use in publication figures, etc.  To allow
      subsequent rescaling, this should be a "drawing commands"
      (e.g. .eps) rather than an "image" file (e.g. .tiff, .jpg) but
      both have their uses.
   -- The present mechanism for interrupting a running program via
      a right mouse click doesn't work at all and needs to be
      modified for "out-of-stream" communication so can happen at
      any time.
   -- Implement mechanism for moving viewports, clicking on single
      objects and returning object identifiers to running application.
      This is not yet fully worked out in the plotting.pdf document.

