On 08/01/17 some error numbers in abexit calls in oldplot library
were found not to agree with errtab texts.  These were fixed.
All abexit calls in new plot library should now be checked and
if possible, when wrong, fix without changed errtab again.

Currently plan for registered names is:  These are even on PAR0,
odd elsewhere, so mfdraw can keep separate defs for odd ones per
node.  But maybe they should just all be registered on node 0.

Install preregistered colors, fonts, and pens per doc.
Possibly the old color() routine should just be removed or use
it for the predefined colors and have all registered color
numbers free (incompatible with pen numbers).

Maybe factor() should be redefined to just rescale subsequent
plotting commands in the current frame.  Apparently its original
use was to rescale a whole plot for paper output.

Possibly the arguments in the arc() calls should be changed to
the ones used in fltk, viz, radius and starting and ending angle
instead of starting coordinate and ending angle.  Old style was
never used as far as I know, except maybe in a test program.

When a window is closed, its Win should be put on the available list.
Ditto Frame array.

but_msg bits that say a frame was dragged or coord transform
modified need to initiate an interaction to transfer this
information back to the host (allowing storage in some
configuration file).  The change actually needs to be made
on mfdraw so user can drag windows even when running from a
stored metafile.

Closing a window in mfdraw possibly should initiate passing
that information back to the running app (if online) so
future calls to write graphics to that window can be bypassed.

N.B.  Following removed from rkginit, 06/27/15 -- now should
be done each time a new frame is defined:
   _RKG.cgmode = GM_SET;
   strncpy(_RKG.ccolnm, "BLACK", MAXLCOLOR);
   strncpy(_RKG.cfontn, "DEFAULT", MAXLFONT);
   strncpy(_RKG.cpennm, "DEFAULT", MAXLPEN);
frmdef() should also set all the following to zero or
other default values:  cx,cy,ht,wd,rad,gmode,font,thickness,kreset 

